Wait a minute.
I want you to take him down
Boss, are you mistaken?
Obviously he made trouble
What are you doing with me?
teacher
Mr. Chen has bought Emgrand with 1 billion
100% stake
From now on
He is the Great Forbidden City of Emgrand
The teacher is you
100% stock circle this is impossible
He is a man of this strength
He couldn't have been more noble.
There are people outside the world
Blame it on you for not wanting to see it
Drag him out for me
You don't record
It's the boss coming out
Boss, do you want to figure it out?
Shut up boss last time?
What? He? He paid 11 for his Emperor.
What kind of rich man is this?
It's over now, right?
This is for you.
It's no use if I want this
If you don't want it, exchange it for money?
This is 1 billion share
Send it if you say so.
It's nothing but 1 billion
If you consider me a friend
I only charge you 1 billion